
##Instructions for Running Sign In Form

1. Turn on the laptop designated for sign-ins in the Econ Tutoring Center
2. Log-in as: Admin, password: ****
IMPORTANT: As soon as you log in, two black command prompts will appear. Do not close these at any point. You may minimize these. 
3. Minimize two command prompt windows. DO NOT CLOSE. 
4. Firefox should also be open with the Sign In form script. If Sign In form did not load on startup, try refreshing the page. If another page is present which is not the Sign In page, click the “Student Sign In” bookmark on top of the Firefox browser.
Instructions for Using Sign In Form
1. Enter student Employee ID in “Student Search box”. 
2. Click Search
3. In the “Sign In Student” box, this student’s Employee ID, First Name and Last Name should be entered. 
4. Select purpose for visiting tutoring center. 
5. Select Class. If no specific class, select “Not Available”
6. Click Sign In. A successful sign in message should appear. Also, further down the page under “Today’s Sign In”, this student’s sign in should be present. 

##Sign In Students from Past Paper Sign Ins
1. Follows steps 1-4 above.
2. Click Firefox bookmark “Register Past Sign Ins”. This sign in form allows you to enter a date and time for a student sign in. This form should not be used by students.
3. To return to regular student sign ins, click bookmark “Student Sign In” on top of Firefox browser

###If Sign In Form Does Not Work
1. Try restarting the computer and following steps 1-4 in “Instructions for Running Sign-In Form” above. This should fix the problem for most cases.
If this does not work:
1. Click Start Menu button
2. Search for “xampp control pannel”
3. Select XAMPP Control Pannel
4. Check that Apache and MySQL are running. If not, click “Start” as the action of these. 
5. Click Start Menu Button
6. Search for “Anaconda Command Prompt”
7. Open “Anaconda Command Prompt”
8. Type in: 
python C:\tutoring\sign_in\sign_in.py runserver
9. You should see messages: “Running on http://127.0.0.1:5000” and “Restarting with stat”
10. Minimize Anaconda Command Prompt, do not close
11. Open Firefox Browser
12. Click “Student Sign In” bookmark on top
This should get the sign in form to work. If it does not or you receive some error message in step 8, please write down any error message. Have students enter sign in information manually by paper. You may contact me at ilevcovitz@gradcenter.cuny.edu with the error. 
